[OV20] NV12toRGB and NV12toBGR operations specification (#7595)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/ops/image/NV12toRGB_8.md

## NV12toRGB <a name="NV12toRGB"></a> {#openvino_docs_ops_image_NV12toRGB_8}

**Versioned name**: *NV12toRGB-8*

**Category**: *Image processing*

> **Short description**: *NV12toRGB* performs image conversion from NV12 format to RGB format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Short description**: *NV12toRGB* performs image conversion from NV12 to RGB format.
```

**Detailed description:**

> Conversion of each pixel from NV12 (YUV) to RGB space is represented by following formulas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conversion of each pixel from NV12 (YUV) to RGB space is represented by the following formulas:
```

\f[
\begin{aligned}
& R = 1.164 \cdot (Y - 16) + 1.596 \cdot (V - 128) \\
& G = 1.164 \cdot (Y - 16) - 0.813 \cdot (V - 128) - 0.391 \cdot (U - 128) \\
& B = 1.164 \cdot (Y - 16) + 2.018 \cdot (U - 128)
\end{aligned}
\f]

> Then R, G, B values are clipped to range (0, 255)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then R, G, B values are clipped to range (0, 255).
```

**Inputs:**

> Input NV12 image tensor shall have `NHWC (a.k.a NYXC)` layout and can be represented in two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Input NV12 image tensor shall have `NHWC (also known as NYXC)` layout and can be represented in two ways:
```

* *Single plane*:
  * **1**: Tensor of type *T*. **Required.** Dimensions:
    * `N` - batch dimension

>     * `H` - height dimension is 1.5x bigger than image height

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `H` - height dimension is 1.5x bigger than the image height
```

>     * `W` - width dimension is same as image width

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `W` - width dimension is the same as the image width
```

>     * `C` - channels dimension equals to 1 (one plane)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `C` - channels dimension is equal to 1 (one plane)
```

> * *Two separate planes: Y and UV*: In this way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Two separate planes - Y and UV*:
```

  * **1**: Tensor of type *T* representing Y plane. **Required.** Dimensions:
    * `N` - batch dimension

>     * `H` - height dimension is same as image height

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `H` - height dimension is the same as the image height
```

>     * `W` - width dimension is same as image width

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `W` - width dimension is the same as the image width
```

>     * `C` - channels dimension equals to 1 (only Y channel)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `C` - channels dimension is equal to 1 (only Y channel)
```

  * **2**: Tensor of type *T* representing UV plane. **Required.** Dimensions:

>     * `N` - batch dimension. Shall be same as batch dimension for Y plane

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `N` - batch dimension. Shall be the same as the batch dimension for Y plane
```

>     * `H` - height dimension shall be half of image height (i.e. `image_height / 2`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `H` - height dimension shall be half of the image height (for example, `image_height / 2`)
```

>     * `W` - width dimension shall be half of image width (i.e. `image_width / 2`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `W` - width dimension shall be half of the image width (for example, `image_width / 2`)
```

    * `C` - channels dimension shall be equal to 2 (U channel and V channel)

**Outputs:**

> * **1**: A tensor of type *T* representing converted image in RGB format. Dimensions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **1**: A tensor of type *T* representing an image converted in RGB format. Dimensions:
```

  * `N` - batch dimension

>   * `H` - height dimension is same as image height

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `H` - height dimension is the same as the image height
```

>   * `W` - width dimension is same as image width

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `W` - width dimension is the same as the image width
```

>   * `C` - channels dimension equals to 3. First channel is Red, second one is Green, last one is Blue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `C` - channels dimension is equal to 3. The first channel is Red, the second one is Green, the last one is Blue
```
